the workout page should have a active streak synced with database if workout is completed the streak should increase with a animation. it should have continuous fire blazing animation. the week counter should reduce week by week. then after that in below add a horizontal section called " pre made plans" there should be plans which are premade in the admin dashboard. it should have a image in the background.each plan. the image link should also be asked in the admin panel for each plan. the plans should look good with names on it. when selected the workouts should change accoridng to it. give a button called generate with AI . so when clicked the AI should analyse the potential of the user from the give datails in the calibration form and form a custom plan according to it. THE WORKFLOW SHOULD BE LIKE THIS firstly when i clicked on generate with ai button i should be asked few questions how much days do i do exercise in a week?  then  i should be asked how much time daily i workout.as we already have the info of equipments available with the user it will be easy to the AI to make a custom plan. so when all the info comes the AI should analyse the potential of the user according to their pushups,sleep and focus and form a custom workout plan for them the plan should fit in the time given by the user and the weeks the plan should be of 4 weeks . the exercises used in the plan should be from database there are already marked exercises with different muscles groups, their type then their sets and reps.so there should be no issues in that. also as there will be a timer while doing the workout adjust the time according to each workout of rest and set.make the app fully functional.so when the custom ai plan is made it should include 4 weeks,and each exercise should be allotted time. to it. make this time change in the admin panel as well in the PLANS section when i add new exercises to the plans there should be a option to add rests and time for each exercise default time should be 45 second for each set and and rest in between sets of 20 sec each. when the rest is about to end the next exercise video should be shown when 8 sec are remaining. by this the user will be alerted and get ready for the upcoming exercise.
add a "+" icon in the bottom right corner which has subtle floating animation and when clicked the user should be able to make their custom plan for each individual day. so lets say i want to train today for chest,abs and legs so when i click on the + icon in the bottom right a screen should open with a search and exercises, only those exercises can be used which are in admin panel user can search by keywords like chest exercise or compound exercise or by just by name itself.so please make sure it is searchable when selected a exercise user is free to add reps and sets number to the exercise the timers should be standard it self. when done adding all quests give a done button below. once clicked the PLAN should be saved to my plan with name MY PLAN 1 and a different background image.

the ui of the custom plan window should be simple but attractive the nav bar should be hidden.
EVERYTHING SHOULD BE SYNCED WITH THE DATABASE.
Improve the UI OF THE workout page make it more engaging and attractive.